Thank you.
for it because the fact that the more I
doubt over this reminds me of my years of
law study when the end of the fourth year
came along.
Subject, but I get by the bar anyway. Now
I am particularly interested in this
subject. I came connected with a firm
called Salvage and Lee, it was a public
relations firm. Now the reason I say this,
because I was in charge, was having my
opinions made biased or prejudiced or
whatnot, because I am connected with this
public relations firm. The only thing, I
gave this a whole lot of thinking, and the
reason I explained it, two years because
there have been many questions asked about
it throughout the country. I thought of it
and I said, well, a soldier who is in the
field, such as I'm a major in the reserve,
I'm paid. Am I this less this lawyer
because I'm paid? A man who's an
ambassador, is he less loyal to the
country because he's paid? On the other
hand, a man has certain obligations to his
family. I have three boys, one of them is
going to college. and I thought I was
going to proceed on this whole business,
but nothing. My wife quickly discouraged
me of that, reminding me that I had three
sons and one of them in college, and I'd
better think twice before proceeding on
such a close of activity. Now that fully
explains my situation so that you people
can assess for yourselves house whatever i
have to say if you want to do so now
ladies and gentlemen when a man is a
certain ethnic group and then he hears bad
things about that ethnic group and all his
life he's heard nothing but the best of
his uh his ancestors or people from whom
he is descendants and in my case i'm uh
i'm not even the senator i was born there
and i always thought the portuguese had a
fine western reputation but they were
people that made certain accountabilities
in civilization especially in discovery
pathology and science and navigation i
also know and this I want to tell you
something strange to you, that in the
history of literature, the great
contributions of the culture of today are
entirely unknown. We have writers who are
equal in dignity, intelligence, and
humility. I say this because I've studied
them, and I think I'm the native to make a
comparison. We have also great grammars.
We have probably the second outstanding
epic poet of the world in Camões. Don't
take it from my own authority. Take it
from Cecil Bowles. Oh, my goodness. Come
on, second only. Who are you? So I
undertook, with all this interest, to look
into several charges that were being made.
One of the charges was that a human, and
called her a Moslem, was a grave terror. A
grave terror.
Now, I may be approaching this wrong, but
I'm going to do it so that you can push it
in. A reign of terror, in my own opinion,
at least it implies this, minimally
implies it. An apprehension of fear. An
intending danger. Now, if it doesn't imply
that, if it doesn't have that, then I
don't know what a reign of terror is. It
may mean other things, but it may mean
the exact course of place he lost in 1516.
And there are the non-border Angola and
the terrorist king Donald Trump and Hitler
massacred
Now if this job is very dangerous, I don't
see it. I don't see it. I don't see it.
Please hold the hand over. And I see about
the eight. and, unfortunately, in 200,000
colors. A perfect makeup, where there was
no lack of the green of the eyes and the
brown of the color of the nose. Her
husband, Alexei, at the time, wore the
sun's halo with a heart-shaped coat. They
traveled over the Euro, they traveled over
the course, they reached the southern part
of the country. They could not reach the
northern part of the country. Tell me
who's this? The great, small, established
Soviet. The way it has to be. Some of the
students don't stop without having a
drink. I mean, they're the boys. Now, when
I arrived in Luanda, I actually did not
observe the type of city. I know that the
story of the Maristus came in from the
Maristus. I know that the city was a place
of wonder. All the wonderful things that
he managed to do. The beautiful city of
the sea. The scope of architecture is one
of the most futuristic. One of the
loveliest places. Well, there's another
area. The Giro de Gara. Also, the Giro de
Gara. The Giro de Gara. The Giro de Gara.
The Giro de Gara.
رف
or you're a police officer, or you're a
police administrator, or you're some other
official. People aren't running towards
you. I don't think that that represents
fear. They ask questions of all citizens
here, and if this is universal, that
doesn't mean it's fear. Fear would mean
that people run away from you. Just get
out of your way. That's fear. Now, the
next problem that I was very much
interested in checking with the tourists
was that it is said that there are rising
expectations of NASA.
Now, rising expectations, that is a huge
phrase, rising expectations of NASA. And
so, is this view of heaven the same? And
so, is this view of heaven the same? I ask
the question of heaven? I ask the question
of heaven? There is a difference.
There is a difference.
I want to know what are you getting at?
What is this writing?
I want to get it down. Listen. I listen to
you. You are the one who has to respond to
me. You are the one who has to accept
after the act. This man has to accept me.
I am the one who has to accept me. I am
the one who has to accept you. I learn and
live my life. I am the one who has to
accept me.
Well, what is this? Jesús, what is the
next? What about?
What about tête?угure?
Cat. Huh. He,
Saio?
The same thing that you hear from
Englishmen. . . . . . . . . . . . to be in
the academy. And so, it was a special time
in our day. Now, this is an example that
is also implied that these people were
more involved in the talk. People were
involved in the mass media. The mass
media. But they were all anxious to
establish themselves themselves
independent of the metropolitan portico
and the independent nation of Angola and
Angolese, is that the thing that they
said? Well, that's what they mean, I
didn't see it. And remember what I told
you, I didn't see it.
They kept writing and they kept saying
that.
That would be a nationalism, continue the
traditional associations, which is what
they mean in Portugal. Could that be a
nationalism? Could that be? But I didn't
find, this is nationalism, the morning of
a place separate from the mother country.
I didn't find it there. I didn't see it
there.
is
now the next question i was interested in
was this
of the multiracial design. Now this is a
very interesting thing of the immigrants
in the United States.
Multiracial design. Some have tried, but
that's a fake. I say that's not a fake. If
there's anything that the Portuguese have
done in the beginning of their history,
they have mixed with all races. regardless
of color, regardless of country. I don't
know why it is. Perhaps it's because of
the history of Portugal. Portuguese have
been a pride to discard color in marriage
and religious associations.
Cape Verde Islands is certainly a proof of
that. The Portuguese state of India is
certainly another proof of that. And
Brazil is certainly another proof of that.
I say you investigate the thing because my
experience being Portuguese and knowing
those In both situations it is not a fact.
Multiracial society is genuine, harmonious
for existence of the races, regardless of
the pigment of one's skin. Now that's what
I saw. That's what I knew. Now, what is
this that's taking place in the world?
What is it that Mr. Gavoy says? What is it
that Mr. and Truman, John, do?
Read the Negro author yourself. Black
supremacy. Black supremacy is the moral of
the United States.
And if you're going to have black
supremacy in these areas, that is being...
This is the point where I say the other
city is a squire. I don't think that's the
case. In fact, I think the only solution
to the problem is that Portugal is giving
to the world. That's the only story for
this thing. This thing is the best premise
for the play of the week. It's full of
delusions of men. Full of premeditated
premonitions. All the odds and sides. And
the middle of the show is on the... You do
know I... You do know I... You do know
I... I suppose every
race of man is child. uh
if this principle of black supremacy takes
root, and I hope it does, if this
principle of black supremacy takes root in
Africa, I want you to think seriously of
the effect, the impact it's going to have
on many people in the United States,
especially in the southern states. Because
their thinking runs, if the Negro thinks
this way, if he's speaking this way, then
what is preventing him from trying to
apply the same principle in the southern
states? I say to you, think twice. There's
a much better solution to these problems
than the idea of supremacy for the white
or supremacy for the black. Now the other
thing that hurt me a great deal, as a
question, is that charge with sadistic
activities.
isolated cases. I suppose if you were to
take the days of the Fox clan, or the days
of even Boston, some periods I've seen,
and some of the experiences that I also
have, incident in Japan, if you were to
take a series of isolated instances,
gather them together, you'd probably come
to the conclusion that these people are
sadistic. It reminds me one time I had an
operation on my left eye, surprising to
me, more of a cataract, an impact that I
received. And I was in the hospital about
six or seven days and when I get out I
thought everybody had eye trouble. So be
sure that your vision has greater scope
than believing isolated cases which in
most instances are presented without
proof. And I as one say that a man makes a
statement as I know he's a fabricator.
I'll give him the benefit of the doubt to
say it's true. But I didn't see any
sadistic activity myself. A sadistic
activity would be the use of the hand
-rapper that I have seen in the paper,
where one gentleman holds it out and the
other sends it hand, and they demonstrate
how the hand-rapper confuses. that they
call the ponderatoria. I didn't see it. I
know that when I was a boy I was beaten
with a cane by Mr. Emerson, and there's
the principal then for doing things that I
shouldn't do as a boy. I suppose that
would be, that's called a punishment, and
that would cause someone to raise the
eyebrow. But for sadistic activities,
ladies and gentlemen, I didn't see any
sadistic activities. Now the problem of
education. This seems to be the
opportunity of all the systems, with
regard to defending itself against all
these charges. It has been said that there
is a low literacy rate in that. And I as
an individual will say yes. And others
will say yes. And then there are other
statements that bring the term national.
And because of the first accusation,
accusations of wrecking the others
acquired from truth. I have heard various
statements that the literacy rate, for
example, is decreasing.
I, uh, the study missionaries for the
French patril industry can tell the
difference. Something called, meter. They
said they listed a number of countries and
they gained pipes. Pipes. Now, what is the
story of the grapes? I know. The reason
for this is that if machinery is built,
they cook separate grapes. Some of the
estate people who bought the...
...impartialized the taste of the wine,
the rich areas, the man-made skin areas,
they mentioned that they used to...
...breeze that one time. This aroma and
taste are so important... But I noticed in
an article in the Zedby book that they are
tenacious.
My own figure from my observation is
between 15 and 12 centimeters. That's the
figure I take. And it's just 15
centimeters. rather similar to Champagne,
and the very
sweet wines of the area around Grand Ole.
One of the famous wines which is mentioned
in English literature is a dill, namely
Mamsie wine. I would say, for example,
about 77% of the dill is a Grand Ole Grand
Ole. The special characteristic of these
are about approximately 70% of Champagne.
These tribes each speak a dialect.
Now, unfortunately, there are many people
who use this language in their own
language. These people don't understand
that type of a thing. So it has made a
contribution in that direction. It hasn't
done anything else. Now, what I didn't see
there, is that the average
age of the administrator that I found in
the area was 42, 43 years. There were only
two administrators, two governors, and I
met two of them over that. I could only be
in northern was a colonel retired, a
fellow by the name of Modesta and that was
the moment of grief. The average age of
the district governor was about 42. And
there were two or three exceptions. There
appeared to be a military that was able to
option for him. and I also noticed the
enthusiasm for the work of the city of
Doris. It reminded me very much of the
situation in Japan. I was there, the
enthusiasm we had for the Civil Affairs
and Military Government teams. So you have
a great emphasis there to get these things
done that have been said to be lacking in
these areas. Effective law education.
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't see this as
an excuse for lack of education. But if
you examine the record, if you examine the
record of the airwaves, what you'll find
is that they are very, very nice.
I think that I've taken enough time to
explain to you what I mean by the
airwaves. I'm going to... There are
several things I'd like to ask. If the
enemies of the British push demand the
immediate surrender of Angola,
I want one. The fool. Who do you negotiate
with? If they say you negotiate with the
Nazis, or the rebels, or what you like to
call terrorists, then that's
just a thing you can say out there. You
negotiate with whom? to negotiate with? To
whom do you turn the reins of government?
Who do you negotiate with? I want to know
who are these people who claim that they
represent the people of Angola? Who are
they? Where do they come from? And if you
say, own your battles, marry the Niazak,
out if you say these two men represent the
people of angola where is the element of
self-determination isn't self
-determination doesn't signify that people
have a choice is this
to
be achieved
the exceptional philosophy that I was not
here to pursue. He did surrender to the
mere fact that the country is not repaired
is no excuse. Now the missionaries have
said negotiate. I was home. Was home. And
I'm very important to the state. And if a
man says, I represent the United States,
the people have to know that it's like the
following of the political campaign, the
Supreme Court, the Supreme Court doesn't
represent its whites. The economy tells us
exactly what the situation is. But a man
says, I represent this. I was in street
commerce for hours. I commented. I asked,
do you know Holger Barrow?
Good. The same thing I applied when I
said, you know, you know, I didn't know
him. I was just, I was just, he was named
by me. Good.
I wonder if the claim is that Holden Perot
actually represents somebody. Harry
Leandrani is the defendant, John Merriman.
Holden Perot has denied any comments.
I would stake my right arm on him. that if
Holden Roberto ever takes control of
Angola, he will be another Castro, and
I'll stake my right arm, and I'll be like
that rope who put it right over the fire
and committed it to burn. The Holden
-Roberto method is not that way.
They say, well, truth is very high. Other,
other things. The Chinese are interested.
The end is near. The beginnings are very,
very quiet. There are the great, great,
great, expression of the ideas of the
years. More racism, more discrimination,
more politics, and the ideas of the great,
great, great, and the public health
statistics. And all of the others, and
they were
not living
with God. They were living with God as
well as they were living with God. And the
fact that the comparisons were bothering
us in Herod, the comparisons were to the
hymn. now let's not make the same mistake
in this whole business of anger. I am so
out of the behind human hearts. I would
like to see no man that's in my way that
works for me, I can't otherwise than the
interest of ours and the opportunity.
Remember this, the one thing that perhaps
Perhaps we should understand that these
tribes in Angola, because of their past
history, have not had the economic
incentives that perhaps the mind-minds of
the British are so bad. I think the work
that's going on here, the people who have
been gathered to build, you're getting
people who are people who don't see the
question. You're getting an education, and
the education making it possible for them
to take advantage of the job. That's
wonderful. Everybody is all in favor of
that. But there's also a disinformation
among the men who are charged with student
abuse, and more than that information. I
sometimes wonder whether the matter should
not be imposed on a compulsory basis. I
think there are some laws in this country
I know of that are not sending children to
school and get out of the parents' house
and forced them to go to school. Well,
there hasn't been this impulsory feature
of education in Angola. Then you have
problems of society, for example. The
tribe there has certain customs to live
by. I think it means that that's separate.
I'm not from Angola. I'm from Angola. I'm
from Angola. I'm from Angola. I'm from
Angola.
I have seen
night schools with hundreds going to
thousands if you want to, of all the
students. of students who were studying
and now maybe this is something that
should just come up. I don't know. I saw
this business. I also have a friend who I
met who was planning and just asked a
little girl to assist him to read to see
how well she was doing.